			Briefing.
	The main functionality of the application is to search for a suitable programmer (firehose) for a specific device.
	Since there are a lot of devices and programmers, the first step and the first button is "Poll the device with a reboot into emergency mode". This procedure is necessary to obtain the device identifiers by which the selection of the programmer will be carried out. Sometimes it is not possible to get all the identifiers in one request. To do this, it is possible to enter the "Manufacturer", "Model" and "Alternative name" manually. Also, to search for a programmer, you can manually specify other identifiers. If you don't know them, can't find them, or don't know how and where to look, then there is a tab "Device collection" where you can try to find your device and, by double tap, select the data offered.
	The second stage is the selection of a programmer for the entered device data. Immediately after clicking on the second button ("Search"), and selecting a folder with pre-loaded programmers from different resources, the procedure for analyzing the compliance of the programmer with the entered device identifiers takes place. The name of the programmer's file does not matter, the correspondence is analyzed byte-by-byte. The final result is formed by rating, in descending order. The higher rating, the more likely it is that this is what you are looking for. The maximum rating is 10 (most likely, this is your programmer).
	The programmer with the highest rating is not exactly a programmer from your device. Compliance must be checked by loading the programmer into the memory of your device and sending some command for execution. For example, now it is possible to give a command to the programmer to reboot the device from emergency mode (9008) to normal, read memory data, download the GPT table or partitions.
	There are still any questions (after reading the Help), suggestions / comments - wellcome in the channel "Firehose-Finder issues" (https://t.me/firehosefinder).